g'day guys it's Greg's kitchen time once
again and today I'm going to show you
how to make a delicious simple easy
flourless gluten-free orange cake yes
gluten-free and paulus huh who are the
Horde in the 21st century we can have
things like this well we do I'm going to
show how to make one so come on let's
get started
for this recipe what you're going to
need is some almond meal some oranges
three eggs
gluten-free baking powder and some
castor sugar first thing I'm going to do
is put two oranges into cold water and
we're going to bring that to the boil
and then once it's boiling we're going
to boil those for 15 minutes so now
we're just going to drain these oranges
all our water out of them we're going to
pop them back in and then fill it back
up with cold water and we're going to
boil them again for another 15 minutes
we're doing this get rid of the
bitterness in the orange rind because we
don't want so all those oranges are
boiling let's start making the syrup for
this delicious cake so we're going to
need the zest of one whole orange now if
you don't have a zester just use a
grater but you know some people are
pretty fussy and won't listen to you and
we'll just use a zester anyway even
though most people don't have one so we
place the zest and three-quarters of a
cup of the castor sugar and the juice of
one orange and we're going to pour that
into the bowl as well so now we're just
going to stir this over a low heat for
two to three minutes until the sugar
dissolves and take a look at this zero
absolutely perfect now we're just going
to clean these oranges again
and then run some cold water over them
we're just going to chop them up into
small bits and take any seeds out if
they're already and we're going to throw
them in a blender and juice them up be
careful they're hot Oh so we had 1 cup
of castor sugar 2 3 eggs I'm going to
combine the eggs and sugar until it's
thick and pale a little bit like me okay
so this is where the fun begins we're
going to add all this pulp to a bowl so
we use 3 cups of almond milk 1 teaspoon
of baking powder we can add that to the
egg mixture and we're just going to
follow that through until it's just
combined we're going to preheat the oven
to 170 degrees Celsius that is 338 in
Fahrenheit we're just going to pour it
into the prepared pan we're going to
bake that for about 1 hour or until the
skewer pulls out nice and clean like
colors
whoa well let's take a look at this it's
pretty good coming out dry that means
it's ready so what we're going to do now
is stick some holes in it so the syrup
the orange can seep down inside and make
it soggy and delicious and juicy and a
y-yeah can't wait
and in the final step add the delicious
orange sauce your syrup over the top
voila well have a look at that it looks
absolutely fantastic
and I can't wait to give it a try so no
time like the present
let's go oh my god I try sensational
anyway guys thanks for watching remember
to subscribe for more thumb this video
up or down if you should walk outside
looking like this so people don't see
how I thought you are and I'll see you
next time right here on Greg's kit oh
yeah this makes you Joe where the
gluten-free clothes are biggest
yes oh yay